Idioms:

In a row: To happen a couple of consecutive times without break.
Eg:He has been sick for three days in a row.
And so on: And related stuff.
Eg: I enjoy outdoor sports like swimming, surfing, hiking and so on.
Black hole: A place in which things are lost never to be seen again.
Eg: My handbag is a black hole. You can try and find the keys in three but i can't promise anything.
See the light: Realise or understand something.
Eg: After terrible grade in mathematics i saw the light and started working harder.
Spanner in the works: A roadblock that prevents an activity from succeeding.
Eg: The lack of power has thrown a spanner in the works regarding our ms-powerpoing presentation.
O|f course: With absolute certainty.
Eg: Of course, i will help you to move. That's what friends are for.
Warm-hearted: To be kind and loving.
Eg: My grandmother is a very warm-hearted person, everybody lovers her.
Hold tongue: To keep quiet when one would rather speak.
Eg: When she said that she wasw very hardworkling i had to hold my tongue.
Catnap: A short sleep, usually during the day.
Eg: I had a very late night last night. I think that i will have a catnap during my lunch hour.
Pardon me: It is a way of apologising for something that has been said or done.
Eg: Pardong me for offending you. I didn't realise that you were sensitive to the subject.

Come to think of/about it: Something that has just occurred to us as we speak.
Eg: Come to think of it, add potatoes and carrots to the list.
Worm in the apple: The presence of something very bad in the best.
Eg: There's nothing worse than getting a worm in your apple.
without further ado: No fuss or ceremony.
Eg: Steve is very organised and friendly. When we met him last week, he introduced us all to the 
team wlithout further ado.
Duch Uncle: Criticize, scol or lecture.
Eg: I thought he would approve of my choices, but he ranted on like a Duch uncle for a whole hour.
King of the hill: Be the undisputed champion.
Eg: He make 3 million euro before he was 30, so he is the king of the hill in this industry.
Backroom boy(s): People who work in anonymity.
Eg: they left the techical problems for the back-rooms boys. They will make short work of it all.
End up: Reach a pariticular place or condition.
Eg: They ate so much that they ended up feeling ill for the rest of the day.
Buffer zone: Neutral zone between two or more areas.
Eg: the council proposed to plant some parkland as a bufferee zone between the industrial estate
and the new housing project.
Call on: Use courage, reserve, nerve or strength to achieve something.
Eg: He had to call on his strength to get to the finals.
Turn aside: Refuse entry to somewhere.
Eg: His job applicaation was turned aside when they say his criminal record.

Give a shot: To have a try at something.
Eg : I have never eaten sushi, but i will give it a shot.
Take turns: To alternate doing something.
Eg: I understand that everybody wants to try driving, but you will have to take turns.
High roller: A wealthy person or company who spends their money in a risky way, often 
by makinig risky investments that can offer large rewards.
Eg: I would never invest money in their company. They are high rollers and i cannot 
afford that kind of risk.
Cut the crap: A very crude way of telling someone to stop doing something that you do
not like.
Eg: Please cut the crap and tell us what really happened at his birthday party.
Wind up: To be annoyed by someone.
Eg: My sister really knows how to wind me up.
Up to the mark: To be good enough.
Eg: Your exam results this term were not up to the mark.
Hang up: To dissconnect a phone call. It is often used when someone does not want
to continue a conversion.
Eg: If you do not stop complaining then i will hang up on you.

Larger than life: Something or someone is very impressive.
Eg: His father is a great man. He is larger than life.
Take on: Someone's take on something is their opinion on a matter.
Eg: I don't agree with your take on the matter, but i will respect your choice.
In stitches: To laugh so hard that you are not able to control yourself.
Eg: The movie had everyone in the theatre in stitches.
Red herring: Something irrelevant that distracts you from something important.
Eg: The new law is just a red herring meant to draw our attention away from the issues 
regarding education.
Knight in shining armour: Used to describe someone who saves you from a difficult 
situation.
Eg: Thank you so much for fixing my flat tire. You are a knight in shifting armour.
Pot calling the kettle black: Criticizing someone for a fault that you have too.
Eg: I can't believe that you are upset because i was late. that is the pot calling
the kettle black.
Heart and soul: With all the effort you can put into it.
Eg: He's dedicated to the project heart and soul.
Miles to go before i sleep: You have a lot to do before you can rest.
Eg: We need to get all of these files completed before anyone leaves. There are miles
to go before i sleep.
Fat chance: when there is little or no chance of something happening.
Eg: Did you really think that he would show up to work the day after a long weekend?
Fat chance!.
Point out: To identify something within a group.
Eg: I have to go to the office to point out the person that keeps jamming the printer.
























































































































































